[Music]
You can generate captions within Studio,
or upload your own Studio file.
If you want to request captions for your media,
select Captions,
and then choose the language spoken in the media
in the drop-down box.
Select the Request button.
The caption request will then be queued.
Once the captions has been loaded,
a Review and Publish button will appear.
Select the button to proofread
the caption transcript's.
The text will align with timing markers
on the left-hand side.
You can click the text and make edits as neccessary,
then publish your revisions.
You can also choose to upload your own caption file.
The most common type is an SRT file,
but Studio also supports VTT files,
which are more user-friendly for mobile devices.
If you have an SRT or VTT file to upload,
then select the language to the right
in the Upload section.
Anyone viewing the Studio media can then
turn captions on
by selecting the CC button
in the media player bar.
Choose from the list of languages provided.
The captions will appear at the top
of the media player. Thanks for watching is displayed! Presented by Sean Nufer HOW TO CANVAS.COM, Subscribe Here!